Refactoring TiledWriter (#1916)
bluesky/bluesky: docs/tiled-writer.rst

On the other hand, the external data are written by detectors directly on disk and usually take the form of images or multidimensional arrays. The references to the external files are provided in `StreamRsource` (`Resource` in legacy implementations) documents, which register the corresponding array-like `DataSources` in Tiled. `StreamDatum` (or `Datum`) documents are processed via the mechanism of `Consolidators` and determine the correspondence between the indexing within these external arrays and the physically-meaningful sequence of timestamps.

The time dimension (or the sequence of measurements) is typically shared between the internal and external data, which in Tiled is enforced by writing all data from the same Bluesky stream into a specialized `Composite` container (node in the Tiled catalog). The metadata on each stream node contains the specifications for the related data keys and the relevavt configuration parameters supplied in the `EventDescriptor` document.

> Finally, nodes for multiple streams are groupped together and placed into a container for the entire run; its metadata contains the `Start` and `Stop` documents. While the strcuture of the `streams` container is fixed, the parent Run allows for optional user-controlled namespaces within `views` and `aux` containers. The Run container created by TiledWriter is designated with the `BlueskyRun_v3.0` spec to enable its back-compatibility with legacy code via bluesky-tiled-plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, nodes for multiple streams are groupped together and placed into a container for the entire run; its metadata contains the `Start` and `Stop` documents. While the strcuture of the `streams` container is fixed, the parent Run allows for optional user-controlled namespaces within `views` and `aux` containers. The Run container created by TiledWriter is designated with the `BlueskyRun` version `3.0` spec to enable its back-compatibility with legacy code via bluesky-tiled-plugins.
```

Furthermore, TiledWriter implements a backup mechanism that allows to save the documents to a local file system in case the Tiled server is not available or any other error occurs during the writing process. This ensures that no data is lost and can be retried later.

Usage
========

A minimal simulated example of using TiledWriter in a Bluesky plan is shown below:

.. code-block:: python

    from bluesky import RunEngine
    import bluesky.plans as bp
    from tiled.server import SimpleTiledServer
    from tiled.client import from_uri
    from ophyd.sim import det
    from ophyd.sim import hw

    # Initialize the Tiled server and client
    tiled_server = SimpleTiledServer()
    tiled_client = from_uri(tiled_server.uri)

    # Initialize the RunEngine and subscribe TiledWriter
    RE = RunEngine()
    tw = TiledWriter(tiled_client)
    RE.subscribe(tw)

    # Run an experiment collecting internal data
    uid, = RE(bp.count([det], 3))
    data = tiled_client[uid]['streams/primary/det'].read()

    # Run an experiment collecting external data

>     save_path = str(tiled_server.directory / "data")

Reviewer: I am genuinely not sure how I feel about directing "external" detectors to write in Tiled's internal writable area like this. I _think_ it might be better to do this:

```py
save_path = "some/path"  # maybe use tempfile here?
tiled_server = SimpleTiledServer(readable_storage=[save_path])  # soon-to-be-released feature from Jessica
```

Thoughts? I can argue this both ways.

Author: I like this new option, but likewise, I'm not sure if it's bad to write to the Tiled writable area. Probably it is, especially if the data created by the detectors is very similar to what Tiled might be writing (i.e. zarr). At the same time, it's a SimpleTiledServer... but we need to use the "best practices" and not provide bad examples of course.
I think I'm leaning towards declaring the separate `readable_storage`.

Author: fixed
